gRPC testing doc updates (#24644)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/test-services.md

Testing is an important aspect of building stable and maintainable software. This article discusses how to test ASP.NET Core gRPC services.

There are three common approaches for testing gRPC services:

* **Unit testing**: Test gRPC services directly from a unit testing library.
* **Integration testing**: The gRPC app is hosted in <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.TestHost.TestServer>, an in-memory test server from the [`Microsoft.AspNetCore.TestHost`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.TestHost) package. gRPC services are tested by calling them using a gRPC client from a unit testing library.

> * **Manual testing**: Test gRPC servers with adhoc calls. For information about how to use command-line and UI tooling with gRPC services, see <xref:grpc/test-tools>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Manual testing**: Test gRPC servers with ad hoc calls. For information about how to use command-line and UI tooling with gRPC services, see <xref:grpc/test-tools>.
```
